Xcode version update (#445)
braintree/braintree-ios-drop-in: README.md

![Drop-in light theme](Images/client-sdk-ios-series-light.png "Drop-in light theme")

> **The Braintree iOS Drop-in SDK permits a deployment target of iOS 17.2 or higher.** It requires Xcode 15.1+ and Swift 4+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The Braintree iOS Drop-in SDK permits a deployment target of iOS 12.0 or higher.** It requires Xcode 15.0+ and Swift 5.9+.
```

See our [`Podspec`](https://github.com/braintree/braintree-ios-drop-in/blob/main/BraintreeDropIn.podspec) for more information.

> *Note:* If you are using version 8.x.x of the Braintree Drop-in iOS SDK in Xcode 12, you may see the warning `The iOS Simulator deployment target is set to 8.0, but the range of supported deployment target versions is 9.0 to 15.0`. This will not prevent your app from compiling. This is a [CocoaPods issue](https://github.com/CocoaPods/CocoaPods/issues/7314) with a known workaround.

Reviewer: I don't _think_ we need to change this since it's related to iOS version and not Xcode

Author: Ah I missed this one, thanks

## Demo

> A demo app is included in this project. Running the demo app requires Xcode 15.1+. Open BraintreeDropIn.xcworkspace and run the Demo scheme to view it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A demo app is included in this project. Running the demo app requires Xcode 15.0+. Open BraintreeDropIn.xcworkspace and run the Demo scheme to view it.
```
